Update roadmap, remove outdated content. (#3286)
scipp/scipp: docs/about/roadmap.rst

Upcoming milestones
-------------------

> We are currently consolidate and simplified Scipp's core data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently consolidating and simplifying Scipp's core data structures.
```
